A jQuery plug-in that provides an accessible wrapper around a YouTube video using the YouTube API. 

See the wiki for more information. 

Note: This plug-in is based on Trevor Davis' excellent "YouTube-Chromeless":https://github.com/davist11/YouTube-Chromeless jQuery plug-in. 


h2. Requirements

* jQuery: http://jquery.com/
* SWFObject: http://code.google.com/p/swfobject/
* Accessible YouTube Video Plugin: http://github.com/poorgeek/a11y-youtube

h2. Sample Usage

<a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNQXAC9IVRw" class="video-link">Me at the zoo - First YouTube video</a>

$(document).ready(function() {
  $('a.video-link').a11y_youtube();
});


h2. Options

videoWidth      : '640',          // width of the embedded player
videoHeight     : '390',          // height of the embedded player
videoIdBase     : 'a11y-youtube', // string base to use for each video id 
useHTTPS        : false,          // true if embedding the video on a page behind SSL
protectPrivacy  : false,          // true to use "YouTube's privacy enhanced mode":http://www.google.com/support/youtube/bin/answer.py?answer=171780&expand=PrivacyEnhancedMode#privacy
showPause       : true,           // false to hide the pause button
showVideoNav    : true,           // false to hide the forward and rewind controls
showVolume      : true,           // false to hide volume controls 
showReplay      : false,          // true to show replay controls
showMute        : true,           // false to hide mute controls

h2. Frequently Asked Questions

h3. Why do you turn on captions by default?

h3. Why use the embedded player rather than the chromeless player?
Currently the YouTube API doesn't support enabling/disabling captions in the chromeless player. You can follow this ticket on  